We are creating a Watch Party app. 
In this app people can create rooms (along with room passwords).
People can join a room using room_id and password. 
People can chat in their room. They can also watch any video in sync using it's URL. 

When a user enters room_id and room_password and hit on join button ..if the room exists
then it's password will be checked. If correct password then he will get joined. Else "Invalid
password" alert will come. 
If the room doesn't exists then a new room with that Id and password will get created.

We created a rooms array in backend. Whenever a join request is emitted from the frontend it will come
on the backend. Then first it will be checked wether the room is present in rooms array or not. 
If present then it's password will be checked and if correct password then the user will get joined in 
that room and the count of users in that room will get incremented by 1. 
Similarly if a user leaves a room then his name from the users array will get deleted and
the count of users in that room will get decremented by 1. If the count becomes zero then that room 
will also get deleted from the rooms array. 

So if all the users leave a room then the room will also get deleted.

Video streaming : 
When a user enters the video URL in the input bar and clicks on the upload to everyone button 
then the videoURL request will get emitted from the frontend. And thenthe backend will broadcat it all the other users in that room.
When a user play/ pauses/ starts the video then the request will get emitted alonf with the timestamp(i.e timestamp of the video). 
Then the server will broadcat it and then all the other users will recieve that request and their video will get seekTo that timestamp. 
Like if a user pauses on 5:32 then a pause request along with 5:32 will get emitted .Then the server will broadcast it. 
And when other users will recieve it their video will get paused and will get seekTo 5:32. So no matter on which timestamp their video was playing it will come to 5:32. 
This is done to minimize the difference in all the users and to ensure all users are in sync. 
Same for play. 
Same for start. Suppose i uplaoaded the video and started my video and my video started playing but at one of the user 
due to poor internet his video was loading but my video reached at suppose 5 sec. Now when his video will start a play request will get emitted with the timestamp 
and my video will also come back to 0. So our videos will get sync.